is such we have today the weather today
first money after tuning
pajero 4 throttle valves
all counters reset warmed up
all in place.
Moscow
so guys i name is romance
yesterday we did on pajero on the fourth
md tuning throttle and today
I went to work specifically zeroed
all counters
to check fell fuel consumption or
there is no feeling the car became more cheerful on
bottoms good approach
now we look what we did
gasoline means I drove to work about
I passed the hour
kilometer 300 meters is Moscow traffic jam
I got an average speed of 22
kilometer per hour is about
Now we are looking at the expense
fuel consumption I got 17
liters despite the fact that the average consumption before
this is when the car
with mileage 27300 35 kilometers never
not updated got 16 2
it's here and the city and the track and everything today
to work but now I started 1711 such
the result I had never I
less than 20 liters per hundred and
never going to work
there was no expense that this winter
warming Moscow
traffic jams in general yes nobody agitates for
m2 tuning don't ask me some
works because for me the main
the result is anyone interested in Wikipedia you
help
the result is important to me I got it
such consumption in traffic jams in Moscow
I am more than satisfied for you, we
simply
make such a gift as
Guinea pig I speak
sacrificed his throttle
worth about 26 thousand rubles
experimented the result of me
quite satisfied if there are any
write questions try to answer
thank